Updates related_integrations field API docs (#5183)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/api/rules/rules-api-create.asciidoc

* `field_names`: String[] , required

> |related_integrations |Object[] a| Fleet integrations the rule depends on. The object has three fields:

Author: @joepeeples,

It seems vscode doesn't properly parse `integrations-docs` link and shows it as is. Is there a way to verify it locally?

> |related_integrations |Object[] a| Fleet integrations the rule depends on. The object has three fields:

Reviewer: @maximpn you can build the Security docs locally if you also have [elastic/docs](https://github.com/elastic/docs) cloned on your machine. Run the command line [build alias](https://github.com/elastic/docs?tab=readme-ov-file#building-documentation) `docbldsec --open` to build the Security docs, and they'll open in a browser.

That can be a bit involved, so the PR preview from CI is another way to verify. I checked and the link resolves correctly.

> * `package` (String, required): Integration package's name EPR uses

Reviewer: Some users might not know what EPR stands for, or maybe they're unfamiliar with Elastic Package Registry in general. I'm also wondering how they'd find out what a given package's name is; maybe we can add a link to help them find the integration/packages they're trying to add? 

I tried looking for a list in [elastic/package-registry](https://github.com/elastic/package-registry) but didn't find anything. Maybe [elastic/integrations/tree/main/packages](https://github.com/elastic/integrations/tree/main/packages)?

Author: I don't think we have package name documented somewhere. For example [this](https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/elastic_package_registry) page shows integrations list. Package's name as well as integration's name are in fact identifies and hidden from users. UI fetches integrations list from EPR (of course not directly but via Fleet) and uses that ids for API requests. To be 100% sure about id correctness users should use EPR. EPR allows to search for a package while the package contains integrations. After that package or integration ids can be saved since these a stable.

@joepeeples what do you think the best approach to describe it?

Reviewer: @maximpn Simpler is probably better; we can link users to the EPR repo, which documents the API requests that can help them search for the right packages and integrations.
```suggestion
* `package` (String, required): The integration package's name, as used by the https://github.com/elastic/package-registry[Elastic Package Registry].
```

> * `integration` (String, optional): Integration's name. It's optional for packages with the only one integration whose name matches package name but required for packages with multiple integrations.

Reviewer: @dplumlee Yeah, if this was strictly optional all the time, I'd say re-order the list, but since it's a little of both it's good ordered as it is.

> * `integration` (String, optional): Integration's name. It's optional for packages with the only one integration whose name matches package name but required for packages with multiple integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `integration` (String, optional): The integration's name. This field is optional for packages with only one integration whose name matches the package name, but it's required for packages with multiple integrations.
```

> * `version`: (String, required): Integration (package containing the integration) version constraint in https://semver.org/[semantic versioning] format. For version ranges, you must use tilde or caret syntax. For example, `~1.2.3` is from 1.2.3 to any patch version less than `1.3.0`, and `^1.2.3` is from `1.2.3`` to any minor and patch version less than `2.0.0`.

Reviewer 2: > For example, `~1.2.3` is from 1.2.3 to any patch version less than `1.3.0`, and `^1.2.3` is from `1.2.3`` to any minor and patch version less than `2.0.0`.

Do we want to display this example inline with the API field description itself or is there a better way to frame this (like a note or something)? @joepeeples

Reviewer: I think it's OK inline as is. I tinkered with a note or new paragraph on my local build, but it looked kinda disruptive.
